feat: add course export for TC_DEVOPS_16 (cert autogeneration waffle) (#451)
openedx/wg-build-test-release: release-testing-utils/README.rst

This is a place to put course exports or other helpful resources for executing named release tests.

> When adding a file here, please clearly identify the test case(s) for which the file is useful.

Reviewer: Could you add a note about what this course you're adding is useful for? :)

Author: The name of the file is tc-devops-16.tar.gz, I figured that would suffice? That way this readme can't fall out of date.

Yes, a waffle flag is needed. I was hoping that the test instructions would stay in the test sheet, and that this would just be an artifact that someone can grab in order to skip some setup steps. i.e.:

> SETUP
> * Flip waffle X
> * Create a new course
> * Download and import (link to this tar) OR follow these steps to manually prepare the course using these steps:
>   * ... original setup steps

Reviewer: gotcha, there's always the risk that the test accidentally gets deleted or renamed but if you think that's not a risk, we can merge

Author: @sarina I edited the README to hopefully be a little clearer, LMK what you think :)

In theory, the unique test IDs shouldn't change, even if the test is renamed. They're supposed to be stable identifiers that we can compare release to release.

> When adding a file here, please clearly identify the test case(s) for which the file is useful.

Author: ```suggestion
When adding a file or folder here, please name it using the "UNIQUE ID" from the release testing spreadsheet. For example, a course export for `TC_DEVOPS_16` could be called `tc-devops-16.tar.gz`. (If you see a file or folder here named for a non-existent unique test ID, then that test case has probably been deleted, thus the file or folder is safe to remove).
```

> When adding a file or folder here, please name it using the "UNIQUE ID" from the release testing spreadsheet. For example, a course export for `TC_DEVOPS_16` could be called `tc-devops-16.tar.gz`. (If you see a file or folder here named for a non-existent unique test ID, then that test case has probably been deleted, thus the file or folder is safe to remove).

Author: ```suggestion
When adding a file or folder here, please name it using the "UNIQUE ID" from the release testing spreadsheet. For example, a course export for ``TC_DEVOPS_16`` could be called ``tc-devops-16.tar.gz``. (If you see a file or folder here named for a non-existent unique test ID, then that test case has probably been deleted, thus the file or folder is safe to remove).
```
